coming up on this special episode of
Disneyland weekly we travel to
adventureland at Norland square in
search of hidden mickeys jizz a nun
weekly starts now watching Disney man
weekly on YouTube fun thank you for
watching this week's special episode
dissing on weekly I'm take Johnson this
time we head to the jungles of adventure
land then continue to the rivers of
America and New Orleans square as we
enter Adventureland let's take a ride on
the jungle cruise this opening day
attraction only has a single hidden
mickey located in the swanee lady in the
form of a discoloration on a cast-iron
frying pan as we hop off the jungle
cruising into the forbidden temple of
the indiana jones adventure we come
across the first of seven Hidden Mickeys
in the attraction on the walls of the
cure various message is written in
temple script this portion translates to
mmm for Mickey Mouse as you enter the
dig site there is a Mickey painted the
mural on the ceiling as you leave the
dig site and enter the projection room
there's a Mickey silhouette on the wall
once you get Cindy's office there's a
Mickey on an old life magazine cover
once you board the transport and enter
the hall with maura the cleft of the
upper lift and nostrils make a Mickey
one of the more obvious Mickey's is in
the form of Mickey ears on the bone
skeleton as you leave there is a sign
with a cobra coiled into a Mickey if you
survived in D then you can head on up
into Tarzan's treehouse curtain hooks
are wrapped into a Mickey shape two
different Mickey's appear in the form of
steel drums and barrels at the base of
the tree as we round the corner into New
Orleans square will hop on the parts of
the Caribbean this attraction also has a
number of Mickey's in the beach scene at
the beginning look for a three shells to
make a Mickey the lock on one of the
chests in the captains quarters is hard
to see but Mickey appears there as well
the cannonballs have made quite an
impression on the walls of the fort as
you dock to avoid getting shot look for
armor on the wall that has a Mickey
shape in the chest plate there's another
lock Mickey with Jack Sparrow as you
head back up the waterfall as you
actually the attraction look for the
lock outside the pieces of eight shop if
you stop in the blue bio food dinner you
might see Mickey on the stained glass if
you're lucky enough to eat up in club 33
the waitstaff sport Mickey's on their
vests there's a projected Mickey on the
ceiling of the jewel of Orleans shop if
you take in the calm court of angels
catch the Mickey in the side
let's catch up with the 999 happy haunts
in the Haunted Mansion and see what
Mickey's they are hiding as you head
down the hall of doors the wall paper
contains Mickey's as part of the pattern
a popular Hidden Mickey to point out is
the one made from a table setting in the
ballroom scene during the holiday
version the same place setting is out
and there's another Mickey made of snow
on the floor while we're on the holiday
version holly berries in the stained
glass of the stretching room make a
Mickey as we swing back around towards
Pirates of the Caribbean the disney
dream suite has three hidden mickeys
there's an arrangement of stars lighting
of the master bath and two different
designs hidden in the carpeting here and
here black completes our hidden mickey
search in Adventure land in New Orleans
square if I missed any hidden mickeys
that you would like to add to the list
please leave in a comment below or send
me a picture on Twitter this was just
one in a series of hidden mickeys
specials to come including the rest of
the lands at Disneyland as well as
california adventure downtown disney the
entrance Plaza and the distant end
resort hotels if you missed it you can
check out the Main Street USA Hidden
Mickey special linked below don't forget
to like Disneyland weekly on facebook
follow dl weekly on twitter and of
course subscribe to this channel if you
aren't already until next time go out
and enjoy hunting down the Hidden
Mickeys in the parks